welcome to benjimantv today I'm bringing
you a special episode of one of my
favorite places I'm in the heart of the
International District in Seattle
Washington
right next to Seahawks Stadium the logy
Maya and Asian food market this is a
place you want to go Asian foods
ingredients you need for Japanese
cooking a lot of things that you just
can't buy in most supermarkets this is a
place to go let's go check out what they
have to offer and I'll tell you exactly
why I love it here right when you first
walk into the Waja Mile one of the
things I love the most is it reminds me
of an actual Japanese supermarket it's
like a trip down memory lane and guess
what just love it here
what I like to go to is the exotic stuff
this stuff you can't find anywhere else
let's go check it out obviously like
things like coconuts you can find at any
supermarket but can you find a jackfruit
look at this jackfruit it's beautiful
they've got this during if you ever
watch the Travel Channel and you know
this is like the stinky fruit obviously
like tons of exotic fruits and you can
get here I just love it
so if you guys watch my channel you know
I love Japanese cooking it's really
difficult to find Japanese ingredients
that you need for Japanese recipes guess
what they got everything here this is a
Chinese eggplant they also have nasubi
which is like a Japanese a plan another
thing I love about the produce section
here is not only do they try to get like
as much organic stuff but they try to
get top quality produce or so you know
just like any other grocery store you
can find everything you want but you're
getting the best stuff here at this
grocery store in addition to all the
rare produce they have I love the
ingredients you can buy from cooking so
let's go check it out
but hot sauces ten kinds of soy sauce
fish oils I mean like anything you need
for your culinary experience as a chef
this is place to go tonnes another look
this whole this whole area is all duals
ramen noodle noodle he asked Yuka yaki
soba everything right here are you a
ramen lover
do you like literally survive Opera Mini
well if you guys like ramen this is that
pile to be and guess what Robin this is
a place where you have an endless supply
of all types of ramen and guess what
it's probably one of the reasons why you
would probably want to come here because
look at this Japanese ramen hi Roman
Malaysian we got Chinese we got all
kinds of noodles here but all
freeze-dried all ready to go and guess
what they're so delicious oh this is one
of my favorites right here actually it's
from Thailand spicy I love spicy if
you're new to Asian food and you're like
I wouldn't even know what to buy the one
aisle I would suggest visiting when
coming to the Waja mile is a snack aisle
Pocky you've heard that there's like a
million flavors well guess what they've
got those flavors here for you we've got
chocolate we've got strawberry gigantic
pokey savory extra strawberry pokey with
almonds on it like decadent they're
obviously any trip to the watch Amaya
wouldn't be fitting if you don't check
out their seafood department this is on
a whole nother level they've got live
fish things here okay you like sushi
they actually have sushi you can buy
here okay another great thing is they've
got a great selection of fresh fish here
you can get and guess what the fish
mongers you really know what they're
talking about so I would definitely come
here if you're looking to get good
seafood whether that's salmon or
something like tuna for sushi this is a
place to go so in Japanese cooking a lot
of meats need to be prepared in a
certain way and no one
better than the watch Amaya for example
shabu shabu sukiyaki all kinds of like
all natural meats and you know me I like
organic at their Bellevue location
actually have organic shabu shabu me
which is really cool
they've got tocino long Anissa any
Filipinos watching you know exactly what
I'm talking about they make it fresh
right here you know what if you come
here and you really just don't know what
to buy the least you can do is check out
their food court and guess what for an
Asian food lover this is a place to be
whether it's Chinese food Japanese food
Thai bubble tea you're gonna find it
here in fact anytime I'm in the area
even if I'm not shopping at the grocery
store
I'm coming here to eat lunch so this is
a place you want to check out I have
Twitter benjimantv and I tweeted
yesterday I'm gonna be here and guess
what
Bryan and Evan we're nice enough to come
and visit a Bryan what do you think
about the supermarket like what they
have to offer well it's great because
you can get stuff you can't get anywhere
else
yeah pretty up so you're making your
Asian dish or your shopping shop exactly
yeah
you gotta come here well there you have
it the watching Maya like I said whether
you're looking for that ingredient for
it like some recipe you just can't find
or you're just here for lunch check it
out the watch Amaya I love it because
it's a family-owned business or a local
grocery chain Bellevue here in Seattle
even Beaverton Oregon so go check them
out if you're near one follow them on
Instagram I love watching their food
pictures or their food porn pictures and
follow me on Instagram as well
Benjamin food or Twitter Benjamin TV
thank you so much for watching comment
below and the kind of things that you
buy when you're at the watch Amaya I'll
talk to you later bye